[docs] Always include `unsafe-eval` in dev `Content-Security-Policy` (#89163)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/02-guides/content-security-policy.mdx

For example:

> > **Good to know**: In development, `'unsafe-eval'` is required because React uses `eval` to provide enhanced debugging information, such as reconstructing server-side error stacks in the browser. This should only be enabled in development mode.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Good to know**: In development, `'unsafe-eval'` is required because React uses `eval` to provide enhanced debugging information, such as reconstructing server-side error stacks in the browser. `unsafe-eval` is not required for production. Neither React nor Next.js use `eval` in production by default.
```
